---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "deep_merge Data Source - terraform-provider-data-utils"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The deep_merge data source accepts a list of JSON or YAML strings as input and deep merges into a single output, based on the configured merge rules.
---

# deep_merge (Data Source)

The `deep_merge` data source accepts a list of JSON or YAML strings as input and deep merges into a single output, based on the configured merge rules.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **config** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The merger configuration. Refer to https://github.com/imdario/mergo for more details regarding configuration behaviours. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- **inputs** (List of String) A list of YAML or JSON strings that will be merged into the `output` attribute. Inputs are processed in order.

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

### Read-Only

- **output** (String) The deep-merged `output`, rendered in YAML or JSON, according to configuration.

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- **format** (String) Specify the type of input and output that the merger will be dealing with. Allowed values are: "JSON" or "YAML".

Optional:

- **with_append_slice** (Boolean) Specify whether the merger should append slices instead of overwriting it. Defaults to `true`.
- **with_override** (Boolean) Specify whether the merger should override non-empty current-level attributes with non-empty next-level attributes values. Defaults to `true`.
- **with_overwrite_with_empty_value** (Boolean) Specify whether the merger should override non empty current-level attributes with empty next-level attributes values. Defaults to `false`.
- **with_slice_deep_copy** (Boolean) Specify whether the merger should merge slice element one by one. This implicitly enables the with_override flag. Defaults to `false`.


